hahi paneer recipe | shahi paneer masala | shahi paneer ki sabji with detailed photo and video recipe. a classical and premium north indian or punjabi curry made with paneer in dry fruit sauce. unlike other traditional paneer based curries, this curry is more creamy and sweet in taste due to the use of dry fruits. it is an ideal gravy based curry which can be easily served with choice of roti’s, bread and also with rice options.shahi paneer recipe | shahi paneer masala | shahi paneer ki sabji with step by step photo and video recipe. paneer based curries are one of the popular choices for both meat and non-meat eaters in india. it can be made with a wide variety of options which includes spicy gravy, dry variant and a creamy sauce based curry. one such easy, simple and rich creamy based sauce curry is the shahi paneer masala known for its mild and sweet taste.as i mentioned in my previous paragraph, this recipe is a mild or less spicy paneer based curry. as the name suggests, shahi which means royal due to the use of cream in it. consequently, with the use of the cream, it would lower the spice level and thus offering a creamy and a rich paneer gravy. i personally not a huge fan of such mild gravy and i tend to order or make spicy kadai paneer or paneer tikka masala. yet there is a huge fan following who, particularly outside of india where many prefer less spicy meals. in addition to it, some prefer to have mild spicy and sweetness in their curry and this recipe is an ideal choice for them.as i mentioned in my previous paragraph, this recipe is a mild or less spicy paneer based curry. as the name suggests, shahi which means royal due to the use of cream in it. consequently, with the use of the cream, it would lower the spice level and thus offering a creamy and a rich paneer gravy. i personally not a huge fan of such mild gravy and i tend to order or make spicy kadai paneer or paneer tikka masala. yet there is a huge fan following who, particularly outside of india where many prefer less spicy meals. in addition to it, some prefer to have mild spicy and sweetness in their curry and this recipe is an ideal choice for them.
as i mentioned in my previous paragraph, this recipe is a mild or less spicy paneer based curry. as the name suggests, shahi which means royal due to the use of cream in it. consequently, with the use of the cream, it would lower the spice level and thus offering a creamy and a rich paneer gravy. i personally not a huge fan of such mild gravy and i tend to order or make spicy kadai paneer or paneer tikka masala. yet there is a huge fan following who, particularly outside of india where many prefer less spicy meals. in addition to it, some prefer to have mild spicy and sweetness in their curry and this recipe is an ideal choice for them.